batches: update docs for publish from preview (#24065)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- Code Insights will do a one-time reset of ephemeral insights specific database tables to clean up stale and invalid data. Insight data will regenerate automatically. [23791](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/23791)
- Perforce: added basic support for Perforce permission table path wildcards. [#23755](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/23755)
- Added autocompletion and search filtering of branch/tag/commit revisions to the repository compare page. [#23977](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/23977)

> - Batch Changes changesets can now be [published from the Sourcegraph preview UI](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/batch_changes/how-tos/publishing_changesets#within-the-ui). [#22912](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/22912)

Reviewer: I don't think "the Sourcegraph preview UI" will have meaning for users. How about:

```suggestion
- Batch Changes changesets can now be [set to published when previewing new or updated batch changes](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/batch_changes/how-tos/publishing_changesets#within-the-ui). [#22912](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/22912)
```
